---
date: "2026-04-27"
draft: true
---

I feel this constant tension within me — two sides of myself fighting one against each other. It's not a simple way to explain it. I feel like a want more, but more about what? One part of me is trying is best to be fast, to keep up with the pace of the world, to do more, to achieve more, to earn more and it's an endless tunnel. The other part of me is there, waiting, it's wise, it knows that patience pays on the long run, it doesn't want to engage with speed, it values craftmanship, it cares about quality of time, serendipity, spontaneity.

I'm just in the middle and right now I can't decide where to go, I feel like I'm forced (by who?) to explore both direction and being constantly pulled from one side to the other.

I feel like it's easier to go in the fast direction, it's easier because it's mainstream, or at least it feels mainstream.

This tension is real, is not imaginary, it exists in the daily routine, and everything I do and say. It's like living a contradiction.

That's why I'm writing (maybe), it's my slow part telling me to listen, to be self-aware, to care. It helps me clearing my mind, making space in the noise.

At the end it helps me staying true to myself, or at least not to loose track of what it means to stay true to myself.

Everything today feels perfect, and this perfection is annoying me. I'm sick of this useless, foolish, fake perfection. What even is perfection?

I'm sick. Because there's no other option. (Society sells you the cure)
I'm tired. (Society doesn't want you tired)

So what does it mean to stay true to yourself? (Socrate where are you, we need you)
